	Problem 11.	Programming Languages
Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information about the most popular programming languages. How similar are they to C#? How do they differ from C#? Write in a text file called “programming-languages.txt” at least five languages along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English.


C#
	C# is a modern object-oriented, general-purpose programming language, created by Microsoft together with the .NET platform. C# and on the .NET platform can be used to develop different software: office applications, web applications, websites, desktop applications, mobile applications, games and others. All C# programs are object-oriented. They consist of a set of definitions in classes that contain methods and the methods contain the program logic. C# is one of the most popular programming languages. C# language and the .NET platform are maintained and managed entirely by Microsoft and are not open to third parties. The C# language is distributed together with a special environment on which it is executed, called the Common Language Runtime (CLR). This environment is part of the platform .NET Framework, which includes CLR, a bundle of standard libraries providing basic functionality, compilers, debuggers and other development tools. Thanks to the framework CLR programs are portable and, once written they can function with little or no changes on various hardware platforms and operating systems.


Java
	Java is a class-based, object-oriented programming language, and specifically designed to have as few implementation as possible. Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode (class file) that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer architecture. Java is, as of 2014, one of the most popular programming languages in use. Java was originally developed by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems and released as a core component of Sun Microsystems' Java platform. The language derives much of its syntax from C and C++, but it has fewer low-level facilities than either of them. Unlike C# and the .NET Framework, the Java language and platform are open-source projects that an entire community of software companies, organizations and individual developers take part in. The standards, the specifications and all the new features in the world of Java are developed by workgroups formed out of the entire Java community


C
	C is one of the most widely used programming languages of all time, and C compilers are available for the majority of available computer architectures and operating systems. You can program in pure C, if you have to write an operating system, a hardware device driver or if you want to program an embedded device, because of the lack of alternatives and the need to control the hardware very carefully. A programmer’s productivity under pure C is many times lower compared to their productivity under modern general-purpose programming languages like C# and Java.


C++
	C++ is acceptable when you have to program applications that require very close work with the hardware or that have special performance requirements (like 3D games). The C++ language lost its popularity mainly because of the inability to quickly write quality software with it. Learning C++ takes much more time and very few programmers know it really well. The productivity of  C++ programmers is many times lower than C#’s and that is why C++ is losing ground.  Many other programming languages have been influenced by C++, including C#, Java


Python
	Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C. The language provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and large scale. Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional programming orprocedural styles. It features a dynamic type system and automatic memory management and has a large and comprehensive standard library.