	Problem 12.	Development Environments
Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with popular development environments (IDEs) like Visual Studio. Write in a text file called “list-of-IDEs.txt” at least five IDEs along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English.

NOTEPAD++ 
	Notepad++ is a text and source code editor for Windows. Is written in C++. Notepad++ supports tabbed editing, which allows working with multiple open files in a single window. The aim of Notepad++ is to reduce overall power consumption by using efficient binaries that require less CPU power. Users can also define their own language (for syntax highlighting) and its respective API (for autocompletion) by using the built-in User Language Define System. The following languages are natively supported by Notepad++ as of version 6.6: C, C++, C#, Java, Javascript, Perl, PHP, Visual Basic, CSS and others. Notepad++ is distributed as free software.


ECLIPSE
	Eclipse is an IDE. It contains a baseworkspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse uses plug-ins to provide all the functionality within and on top of the runtime system. Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programming languages: Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, Python and others. Eclipse is free and open source software.

	
MONODEVELOP
	Mono is a free and open source project led by Xamarin to create an Ecmastandard-compliant, .NET Framework-compatible set of tools including, among others, a C# compiler and a CRL. The stated purpose of Mono is not only to be able to run Microsoft .NET applications cross-platform, but also to bring better development tools to Linux developers. Mono can be run on many software systems including Android, most Linux distributions, BSD, OS X, Windows, Solaris, and even some game consoles such as PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360.


SHARPDEVELOP
	#Develop a free and open source IDE for the .NET Framework, Mono, Gtk# and Glade# platforms. It was designed as a free and lightweight alternative to Microsoft Visual Studio, and contains an equivalent feature for almost every essential Visual Studio Express feature, including features for project management, code editing, application compiling and debugging. To allow for easy project migration, SharpDevelop works natively with Visual Studio project and code files.
	
	
APTANA STUDIO
	Aptana Studio is an open source IDE for building Ajax web applications. Based on Eclipse, it supports JavaScript, HTML, DOM and CSS with code-completion, outlining, JavaScript debugging, error and warning notifications and integrated documentation. Additional plugins allow Aptana Studio to support Ruby on Rails, PHP, Python, Perl, Adobe AIR, Apple iPhone and Nokia Web Runtime. Aptana Studio is available as a standalone on Windows, Mac OS X and Linux, or as a plugin for Eclipse.